Connecting with prospects strategic partners referral partners and other business owners should be a
key priority for you on Linked In.
And in this video I want to teach you a quick hack to really grow your connections quickly.
Not going to walk you through an example of how I saw this done.
It's an excellent strategy and I really wanted to share it with you.
Break it down for you so that you can replicate it for yourself.
And this guy Noah Kagan did it here in this post.
And it takes a little bit of explaining I think to really for you to understand the strategies.
That's what I want to do.
Just walk me through it and give you an understanding of how to do it for yourself.
So essentially this just looks like a pretty simple post here that's got a huge amount of likes and
comments but really how did this guy know Kagan achieve this.
Essentially this is a post that went viral on LinkedIn and also got Noah by twelve hundred new followers
or connections.
So how did he do that.
Well as you can see if we look at this article he starts off by establishing a little bit of authority.
So when you post on Linked-In you want to really show people how you can help and he can do their job
better or how you can help them run their company better and to do that you can start by really just
setting some authority down.
So I helped build the Facebook platform.
OK.
This guy must know what he's talking about.
I spend over 3 million on Facebook ads in my life.
Again that's just another level of authority.
Not just that you helped build it but you actually spent money on it.
And then here's the key part.
What.
OK that's fine but what does that mean for me.
Well it's possible to 10x your investment or more you just need to know the right leavers to pull.
And today I want to share my ultimate Facebook Ads retargeting Jiechi.
OK so you can see that this has been edited and updated so I wanted to explain how this originally read
of what he said is same start here.
Here is the authority.
And here and you can 10x your investments if you know what you need to do.
And then the next line that he had in here which is now deleted was I will send you a cheat sheet a
PBF showing you how to 10x your Facebook Ads investments all you need to do is connect with me on LinkedIn
and also like on comments below.
If you do that then I will send you the PBF in a message on LinkedIn which I can do once we're connected.
So that was the exchange that he was asking for there all sent.
I'll show you how to Tenex your investment just connect with me and like and comment below.
So we looked and here we can see that there is over 1200 likes about eleven hundred comments.
So you can just guess then that the number of connections was roughly the same.
But that is a huge amount of likes and cons to get on a post.
He's now getting himself in front of all of these people and also then people who are connected to these
people will start to see this post because it's going viral and there's a lot of engagements on it.
So it's a fairly simple strategy something that you might often see on Facebook or other platforms but
it's been applied here to Linked-In with great success as well.
Now as you can see he's edited it and he said he couldn't keep up with sending all those private messages
with the PTF.
So he's just linked off and giving it out for FREE now.
And there's the idea that he was kind of really promising that he would give away.
So it's a extremely effective strategy to grow your connections and to go viral on Linked-In.
Just tell a little kind of something amazing that you've done in your life and share a cheat sheet with
people so they can skip the learning curve and learn what you've learned quickly and then just ask for
them to connect to you and to like and call them below and email them the cheat sheet.
So that's all you have to do it's a very simple strategy.
But as you can see here in this example it's very effective and it's something that you could do right
away as well.
And to actually create a posts like this all they do is come in and you can write the post there.
I'll even put a link to this in the description so if you want to take a closer look at the language
that you used here you can copy that and use it for yourself.
So that is a little bit Linked-In connections hack.
Go ahead and use it for yourself right now or put it in your back pocket for later.